# Spectroscopy

The way this lab is going to be constructed is based on of the Ocean Optics calibration of Neon light (Ne I) from the source cited. The table in the source provides wavelengths and pixels collected from that spectrometer prior to this experiment to show the linear relationship between wavelength and pixels of the sources. Data is imported to python which allows for analysis and manipulation. Using the calibration mentioned, a relationship is established between the Neon wavelengths and its pixels. The Wavelengths are then plotted with the Intensities. The relationship is linear which gives an equation of y = mx + c. This equation is used to with the lamp, sun, and Hydrogen light wavelengths and later plotting their Intensity versus Wavelength graphs. The Second half of the report is collecting data for stars and planets. Using the campus telescope described in the introduction of this lab, 2-D CCD images of spectra were collected for stars like Enif, Scheat, Navi, Vega, Neon light and Neptune planet. Using the CCD Neon image of this telescope, a slice is taken at which the intensity is highest to produce a graph of Intensity versus pixel. The peaks are then taken and mapped on a graph of Ocean Optics' wavelength versus pixel to the wavelengths of these peaks. This sets the range of wavelengths we will be working with the wavelengths-intensity relationship graphs of the stars and planet. The Planck function is used to create Blackbody graph then multiplied by the ratio of raw data over the lamp data minus their dark backgrounds to give the graphs of those stars and planet. Errors (standard deviation) are then taken in terms of its data, slope, and y-intercept.
